Skip to content
VercelLogotype
AI Cloud





Core Platform




Security




Company





Learn




Open Source




Use Cases





Tools



Users



Search Documentation
⌘ K
Deployments
Troubleshoot project collaboration
Troubleshoot project collaboration
Last updated March 13, 2026
This guide will help you troubleshoot deployment failures related to project collaboration.

For private repositories, a deployment can fail if Vercel cannot identify the commit author, or if your team requires manual approval before adding the committer. You can use the following checklist to make sure your Vercel team is properly configured:

Ensure contributors who push code have Vercel accounts linked to their git provider and can be added to your team through collaboration settings.

For each team member, verify their Vercel account is connected to their git provider.

Confirm bot commits are properly configured by the git provider.

Collaboration is free for public repositories.
Team configuration
Hobby teams
The Hobby Plan does not support collaboration for private repositories. If you need collaboration, upgrade to the Pro Plan.

To deploy commits under a Hobby team, the commit author must be the owner of the Hobby team containing the Vercel project connected to the Git repository. This is verified by comparing the Login Connections Hobby team's owner with the commit author.

To make sure we can verify your commits:

Make sure all commits are authored by the git user associated with your account.
Link your git provider to your Vercel account in Account Settings
If your account is not connected to your git provider, make sure you've properly configured your Vercel email address so that it matches the email associated with the commit.

For the most reliable experience, ensure both your project and account are properly connected to your git provider.

For more information, see Using Hobby teams

Pro teams
The Pro Plan allows for collaboration through team membership. When someone with a Vercel account commits to your codebase, they may be added automatically or require approval, depending on your collaboration settings.

To deploy commits under a Vercel Pro team, the commit author must be a member of the team containing the Vercel project connected to the Git repository.

To make sure we can verify commits associated with your team:

Make sure contributors have Vercel accounts linked to their git provider in Account Settings
Review your team's collaboration settings to confirm whether Vercel should auto approve or manually approve new committers
If your team uses manual approval, approve the pending membership before the contributor deploys again. After approval, the committer must redeploy their changes.
For more information, see Using Pro teams

Bot access
Ensure your bots are properly configured and that their commits are clearly identified as automated.

Account configuration
Connecting Git provider accounts
Each team member must connect their git provider account to their Vercel account:

Visit Account Settings
Navigate to the Login Connections section
Connect your GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket account
Resolving git provider commit attribution issues
Your git provider associates commits with users by matching the commit email to an email on your git provider account.

If you see an error saying the provider could not associate the committer with a user, the local git configuration email address likely does not match an email registered on their git provider account. Run git config user.email on the machine that created the commit, then verify that it matches a verified email on the git provider account.

For multiple email addresses, see Managing multiple email addresses.

Managing multiple email addresses
If you use multiple email addresses for git commits, you will need to configure a secondary email address with either your git provider or Vercel depending on if your git repository is linked to your project.

To add secondary email addresses to your Vercel account:

Go to your Account Settings
Add any email addresses you use for git commits
Verify each email address
Previous
Sharing a Preview Deployment
Next
Environment Variables
Was this helpful?





Your feedback...
supported.
On this page
Team configuration
Hobby teams
Pro teams
Bot access
Account configuration
Connecting Git provider accounts
Resolving git provider commit attribution issues
Managing multiple email addresses

Copy as Markdown

Install Vercel Plugin

Give feedback

Ask AI about this page
Get Started
Templates
Supported frameworks
Marketplace
Domains
Build
Next.js on Vercel
Turborepo
v0
Scale
Content delivery network
Fluid compute
CI/CD
Observability
AI Gateway
New
Vercel Agent
New
Secure
Platform security
Web Application Firewall
Bot management
BotID
Sandbox
New
Resources
Pricing
Customers
Enterprise
Articles
Startups
Solution partners
Learn
Docs
Blog
Changelog
Knowledge Base
Academy
Community
Frameworks
Next.js
Nuxt
Svelte
Nitro
Turbo
SDKs
AI SDK
Workflow DevKit
New
Flags SDK
Chat SDK
Streamdown AI
New
Use Cases
Composable commerce
Multi-tenant platforms
Web apps
Marketing sites
Platform engineers
Design engineers
Company
About
Careers
Help
Press
Legal
Privacy Policy
Community
Open source program
Events
Shipped on Vercel
GitHub
LinkedIn
X
YouTube
Loading status…

Select a display theme:

system

light

dark
